first we can talk about a Ken Shamrock
and you wrestled ken Shamrock I Russell
Ken Shamrock one time it was
professional style or we rustled in
winston-salem North Carolina 1991 more
organization was that that was the pro
pro wrestling lantic or something like
that I can't remember it was a promotion
at Johnny Weaver and she think another
promoters name they had started it was a
play off of the mid-atlantic this is
when Ted Turner had bought in Atlantic
so it was there was no more of that so I
a promotion of some good wrestlers with
some pretty good guys on there any way
in ken Shamrock Russell each other and
they always involved in Tim woods it was
a whole shooter name was mr. wrestling
know it brought him in to compare us me
and ken Shamrock comparator are an
amateur background anyway we rustled a
30-minute draw in was a salad Coliseum
how was Canada on the meadows okay very
good did you guys ever ever roll shooter
I we didn't do the we didn't wrestle
submission style against each other yeah
we just did some white folk style
wrestling host I legates while we were
doing this match deal yeah no we
actually went at it for a few minutes
you know sancya who could get what and
actually he was pretty good he was very
very strong yeah easy shape I was always
been really cut up cut all up as far as
I know the guy was natural because the
guy was like hell yeah he really it took
a super guy yell chamber was a very
things a nice guy she liked regional I
knew because I'd been wrestling few
years before him and ideal house meti
you got the knowing that he was gonna be
something yeah and this is before I was
enemy well UFC's they wouldn't even it
not now when the ufc's came out did you
ever think of competing with that
organization oh no because I was still
going back
Japan and actually my student thought as
much a bull crap yeah one didn't lead
wasn't very impressed now now drew price
tells me this and I got to be careful
how I say this because this is all
secondhand but there's been some rumors
that the hoist Tracy dance ever fight
and I should just say rumors that that
fight might have been worked oh yeah I
knew Dan Severn get out of a guy hello
wrestler however jujitsu guy strong
naturally strong guy del worked out with
him in Japan never rustling
competitively only on the mat in the
dojo yeah I can't see none bad about the
other guy was a hell of an athlete yeah
yeah the big guy big naturals Severn oh
yeah the Beast did you did you ever
wrestle him professional wrestling no
never rust officially time I was with he
was in Japan and Lou was close with
dance every um yeah he was there that's
what Charlie Thesz told me I'm he was
there with this in Japan ya know yeah we
respected him sure now what about some
of the when you met with Lou Thesz after
you was it after you came back from
Japan that you began a a school with Lou
Thesz in the States um well after my
first tour we started the school who
asked me he hired me actually to be the
coach of it yo he just kind of those are
the song for amateur wrestlers or just
professional rent or both it was both
yeah had them all and we had a lot of
guys we had gas coming from Japan we had
one guy come over from Japan to stay
here nine months with this training the
guy was a heck of an athlete caught on
quick good reflexes strong remember his
name Yuuki Watanabe ok I knew that
wrestling over Japan twice beating twice
he wrestled for small promotions over
there but never wanted a Russell for the
big names why I don't know he had the he
had the material he could have done it
anyway
oh we had the youngest grand champion
sumo wrestler with us for three months
we trained him and I worked out with him
seven days a week for three months and I
thought I got how to wrestle in the Mac
you weighed 367 pounds we got him down
to like 320 what was his name koji me
alko chica tau and you got out of subo
getting some trouble with a similar
people again I'll sumo and he wanted to
be professional wrestling so you contact
Lulu sent him over here I worked out
with him lifted with the aggressive
looking ran on the beach with him and
like I say three months and he became a
big card over there yeah and then he got
in TKE judo and then I don't know how
you did did he get into mixed martial
arts oh no I think he did a little bit I
don't know yeah he might have a look but
anybody who's listening could always
check him out what's his name again koji
k'tau holy cow ok cool but um he was he
was a star over there and I trained him
three months but the wrestling over
there was so much more serious it was a
sport over there so you felt as though
Lou made that definitely made the right
choice to have you go over there and
rassle oh well definitely yeah I made my
career definitely now what do you think
about pro wrestling today pro wrestling
today is horrible I don't even watch it
I don't dignify it I've got people
coming here my Jill they ask me all the
time about different guys and different
matches and all and I don't have a clue
what they're talking about yeah because
I don't know the guys I don't know the
angles I don't care to I don't have no
respect for Dell vince mcmahon in his
organization yes sorry did you have a
wrestle for those guys nope kind of
opportunity one time and the Dillon to
do it because victus vent some I don't
watch it much but occasionally I'll turn
it on and there's a there's just a
couple guys that I've been impressed
with Vladimir Kozlov he was this
national sombo champion that Vince
brought in is pretty I think Vince is
starting to see that he better start and
/
moving his quality of this rest had some
good athletes through the years yeah
even the old man had some good athletes
to the years yeah but my Gorilla Monsoon
was a great wrestler yeah Bruno
Sammartino here's a powerhouse is a
powerhouse yeah Oh so what can you take
away from a Baron von Raschke who I
wrestled mini attire it was a national
chain yo yeah Nebraska yeah also so the
WWF has had some great athletes but I
don't agree with Vince's bitch juniors
the way he did the business he killed
the business as far as I'm concerned you
killed the territories yeah the kills
the territory there's no more
territories of the young guys to go to
killed all the competition that he's
killed all the competition for what you
know yeah and his product sucks yeah I'm
not pregnant Oh some of the sum of the
angles even the mic work sucks i was
watching an angle between Undertaker and
Shawn Michaels and it was just so stupid
yeah you know it was like they didn't
even know what they were saying in the
ring I mean I always believed you know
if you're gonna cut a promo make it
quick and entertaining you know because
people have a short attention span and
it is promo I watched last Monday was
just so dumb i didn't even know where
they were going with it Oh Vince jr. has
ruined a close kamat camaraderie because
she could say yeah with the boys um he's
ruined it Luke told me one time he's
ruined everything it took 50 some years
to build yeah did so lute is included
and care for Vince no you know what so
ever I'm gonna talk more about Lou Thesz
when we do our last portion of our
interview in a second